pages/CV/posts/booking.md, before:

---
company: Booking.com
logo: /img/booking-logo.png
position: Frontend Software Engineer
colour: 113480
description: Doing some stuff here and there. Working on the Taxi dispatch team managing the development Booking.com Taxi Partner Portal
---

At Booking.com I work on the Taxi Dispatch team where my main focus is on the Taxi Partner Portal. I work on the React frontend and the Node API that interacts with our backend services.

I collaborate closely with product, UX and our backend engineers to go from design to live providing feedback and making adjustments along the way to get something in the hands of users that we can then iterate on. During my time, I’ve helped graduates get up to speed no matter their React/Node skill level and start contributing to the project at a decent level.
  
I also built a shared node metrics library that was used on multiple projects within the Taxi division to help make adding monitoring to different node projects simpler and more consistent. This included writing the library, adding Sonarqube and deploying the build to our internal npm repository.

Commit message:

Updating some copy, cleaning up some code

pages/CV/posts/booking.md, after:

---
company: Booking.com
logo: /img/booking-logo.png
position: Frontend Software Engineer
colour: 113480
description: Primarily focused on the development of the Booking.com Taxi Partner Portal. Using React, Nodejs and AWS Troposphere.
---

At Booking.com I work on the Taxi Dispatch team where my main focus is on the Taxi Partner Portal. I work on the React frontend and the Node API that interacts with our backend services.

I collaborate closely with product, UX and our backend engineers to go from design to live providing feedback and making adjustments along the way to get something in the hands of users that we can then iterate on. During my time, I’ve helped graduates get up to speed no matter their React/Node skill level and start contributing to the project at a decent level.

I also built a shared node metrics library that was used on multiple projects within the Taxi division to help make adding monitoring to different node projects simpler and more consistent. This included writing the library, adding Sonarqube and deploying the build to our internal npm repository.
